README.md, before:

# Natalie_Arrow
This project was created for Arrow International by Natalie Soltis.
It contains an implementation of Poker (Jacks or better & Wild Deuces) and BlackJack.

## Credits

- ["PIXEL FANTASY PLAYING CARDS"](https://cazwolf.itch.io/pixel-fantasy-cards) by `Caz` from `itch.io`. 
No changes were made to these assets.
- All other assets made by Natalie Soltis.

## Sources

These were used to understand the expected behavior of these games.

- ["How to play Game King Video Poker"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_ap9MwO0iE) 
by "DraftKings" YouTube channel
- ["IGT Game King 6.2 Video Poker Max Bet ($.50 Denom)"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=098F08thvfQ) 
by "Top Thrill Matt" YouTube channel
- ["Blackjack: The maximum number of cards a player..."](https://www.reddit.com/r/theydidthemath/comments/6zvjx8/request_blackjack_the_maximum_number_of_cards_a/)
by /u/arnauddutith on Reddit
- ["Betting Guide: Blackjack Rules"](https://www.wynnbet.com/betting-guides/blackjack-rules/) 
by "WynnBET Staff" from wynbett.com
- ["24/7 Blackjack"](https://www.247blackjack.com/)
by "24/7 Blackjack"

## License
All original content within this repository is licensed under the [GNU GPL](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html)
to every extent possible and allowable.

Commit message:

Add ability to quit the game.

README.md, after:

# Natalie_Arrow
This project was created for Arrow International by Natalie Soltis.
It contains an implementation of Poker (Jacks or better & Wild Deuces) and BlackJack.

## Quitting
To quit, go to the main menu and then hit ESC.

## Credits

- ["PIXEL FANTASY PLAYING CARDS"](https://cazwolf.itch.io/pixel-fantasy-cards) by `Caz` from `itch.io`. 
No changes were made to these assets.
- All other assets made by Natalie Soltis.

## Sources

These were used to understand the expected behavior of these games.

- ["How to play Game King Video Poker"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E_ap9MwO0iE) 
by "DraftKings" YouTube channel
- ["IGT Game King 6.2 Video Poker Max Bet ($.50 Denom)"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=098F08thvfQ) 
by "Top Thrill Matt" YouTube channel
- ["Blackjack: The maximum number of cards a player..."](https://www.reddit.com/r/theydidthemath/comments/6zvjx8/request_blackjack_the_maximum_number_of_cards_a/)
by /u/arnauddutith on Reddit
- ["Betting Guide: Blackjack Rules"](https://www.wynnbet.com/betting-guides/blackjack-rules/) 
by "WynnBET Staff" from wynbett.com
- ["24/7 Blackjack"](https://www.247blackjack.com/)
by "24/7 Blackjack"

## License
All original content within this repository is licensed under the [GNU GPL](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html)
to every extent possible and allowable.
